This doc aims to summarise the breaking changes between v0.5 & v0.6 so users can update their apps accordingly.

# General

- The `Idb` prefix has been removed from all type names
- Type paths got moved around
- You will no longer be dealing with `JsValue`s - the library performs type conversion behind the scenes
- The library now integrates with `serde` & implements `Stream` where applicable
  - As a side effect, some utility functions such as
    [into_vec](https://docs.rs/indexed_db_futures/0.5.0/indexed_db_futures/idb_cursor/struct.IdbCursor.html#method.into_vec)
    got removed, but can have the old effect achieved via `Stream`'s
    [try_collect](https://docs.rs/futures/0.3.31/futures/prelude/stream/trait.TryStreamExt.html#method.try_collect)
- The library now uses a builder-based API

# Transactions

Transactions now roll back by default instead of committing (i.e. you **must** call `commit()`). The thinking behind
this change was to allow using `?`s in your code without the JavaScript end automatically committing your transaction.
There is a browser compatibility note, however - see comment on transactions' `abort()` method.

# Advice

Head over to [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/indexed_db_futures/0.6.0) and read through the new API design. You'll need to
rewrite all your individual API usages to use updated type & fn names, but the actors & the flow of operations remains
the same.

# API stability moving forward

The library is at a place I want it to be: the API works directly with Rust types and integrates with some of the go-to
libraries of the Rust ecosystem, which in turn allows 3rd party crates to easily extend good chunks of
`indexed_db_futures`' functionality.

While breaking changes cannot be ruled out, I don't foresee anything of this scale or destructiveness again. The
primary elephant in the room at the moment is [#33](https://github.com/Alorel/rust-indexed-db/issues/33), but I'm opting
to leave it be: the issue's author has already published a crate that targets multi-threaded execution _and_ supporting
it would go against one of `indexed_db_futures`' key goals of an ergonomic API. 
